# ADSL

To establish an ADSL connection according to the specified account and password.

## Syntax

```text
ADSL [ADSLAccount],[ADSLPassword],[DialRetryTimes|stop|list[on]],[ConnectName|*|RetName]
ADSL-wlan SSID|&ProfileVar,PassWD,authentication[,Idx] //default auth:WPA2PSK AES (1 space!)
ADSL-wlan Index,,[?][^|*|-]list|query[all]|scan,RetName  //query:Index guiid State Desc
    list:SSID SignalQuality Flags BssType NumBssid bConnectabl NotConnecReason bSecurityEned
    DefaultAuthAlgorithm DefaultCipherAlgorithm  bMorePhyType NumberOfPhyType PhyTypes[]
```

## Parameters

- **ADSLAccount**: string,BASE64 variation code calculated by BASE from "ADSLAccount".
- **ADSLPassword**: string,BASE64 variation code calculated by BASE from "ADSLPassword".
- **DialRetryTimes**: number,supportive of values of Hex,1 by default if absent.
- **ADSLConnectionName**: string,in"Network Neighbourhood" ==> "Property" ADSLConnectionName

## Examples

```text
ADSL MhFTxYzM4AUbtR2cuM2btB==,XlmbUV2c0B==,,ADSL Connection or ADSL ,,,My Connection
```

## Remarks

- "ADSLAccount" and "ADSLPassword" should be generated by BASE to ensure the safety of
  user's ADSL information.
- "DialRetryTimes" indicates the times of retrying when dialing fails.0 or smaller than 0
  indicates dialing up repeatedly until it succeeds.
- "ADSLConnectionName" can be absent.The command of ADSL will dial up the connection in the
  system if it exists; If a valid connection does not exist,ADSL will establish an specified
  one and dial it up according to its params; If a valid connection does not exist and ADSL
  does not specify a connection name,WinCMD will establish a default one and dial it up
  according to its params; If ADSLAccount or ADSLPassword is absent,ADSL will only establish
  a connection but not dial it up.
- This command demands PPPOE components in the system and is applicalbe to both a config
  file and command line.
- Example 1 will dial up once according to the specified params using "ADSLConnection";
  Example 2 will only establish a PPPOE dial-up connection named "My Connection".

